User Profile pattern topic update (#439)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/patterns/user-profile.md

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/profile_demo.png" srcset="../images/profile_demo@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/profile_small.png" srcset="../images/profile_small@2x.png 2x" />

> An editable variant of the User Profile Pattern, nicely laid out with the appropriate Inputs, is also provided. The User Profile Pattern comes with the styling flexibility provided by the Avatar and Inputs that constitute its layout.

Reviewer: Let's add an image of these editable variants below this paragraph

Author: Done. Please have a look

> [!WARNING]

> > After inserting any of the Profiles available as a Pattern you should trigger `Detach from Symbol` in order to be able to generate the Pattern as Angular code. The various Components that lay it out must stay intact and not be detached!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After inserting any of the User Profile Patterns you should trigger `Detach from Symbol` in order to be able to generate the Pattern as Angular code. The various Components that lay it out must stay intact and not be detached!
```
